Twenty-one
- card game consisting of a dealer and a player, where the participants
  try to get as close to 21 as possible without going over.

Overview
- Both participants are dealt 2 cards from 52-card deck
- The player takes the first turn, and can hit or stay
- If the player busts, he loses.
- If he stays, it's the dealers turn.
- The dealer must hit until his cards add up to at least 17.
- If he busts, the player wins.
- If both the player and dealer stays, then the highest total wins.
- If equal, it's a tie.

Classes
- game
  - @dealer
  - @player
  - @deck
  - #start
  -------PRIVATE--------
  - #deal_starting_hand
  - #new_game

- deck
  - @deck (r)
  - #deal(number) -> [Card..]

- hand
  - attr_reader :hand, :value, :busted
  - @hand -> [Card..]
  - @value -> Int
  - @busted -> Boolean
  - #reveal -> reveals all cards in @hand
  - #<<(card) (adds card to @hand and increments @value)
  - #>(other_hand) (compares hand values)
  = #==(other_hand) (compares hand values)
  -------PRIVATE--------
  - #ace? (checks if hand contains an ace)
  - #calc_value_for_ace (if hand has an ace and over 21, reduce ace value by 10)
  - #display_value -> returns the value of visible cards
  - #displayable_hand -> combines displayable cards into a single row for display on terminal

- card
  - attr_accessor :value
  - ::new(face,suit)
  - @face (r) -> String
  - @suit (r) -> String
  - @value (r) -> Integer
  - #ace?
  - #hide (sets @hidden to true)
  - #reveal (sets @hidden to false)
  - #hidden?
  - #displayable (returns Array of strings which if printed display the card)
  -------PRIVATE--------
  - #calc_value -> sets @value based on @face
  - #emojify_suit -> displayable version of suit (unicode string)

- participant
  - @hand = [Card..] (r/w)
  + #bust?

  - player
    + hit?

  - dealer
    + hit?
    # reveal_hand (calls card.reveal on hidden card)

